readme.md, before:

[![Unix Build Status][travis-image]][travis-link]
[![Package Control Downloads][pc-image]][pc-link]
![License][license-image]
# ExportHtml

This is a fork of [Andrew Gibson](https://github.com/agibsonsw)'s [PrintHtml](https://github.com/agibsonsw/PrintHtml) plugin.  This plugin allows the exporting of a document in Sublime Text to a HTML file or to BBCode.  It duplicates Sublime's theme colors and font styles.

![preview](docs/src/markdown/images/preview.png)

# Features

- Export to HTML using any tmTheme for syntax highlighting.
- Can handle any language supported by ST2.
- Supports bold and italic theme font styles as well.
- Configurable output.
- Format suitable for copying and pasting in emails.
- 2 included tmTheme files for color and grayscale printing (but any can be used).
- Export only selections (multi-select supported).
- Export and show highlights (multi-select supported).
- Toggle gutter on/off in browser view.
- Automatically open browser print dialog (optional).
- Enable/disable configurable word wrapping.
- Configurable toolbar to appear in the generated webpage.

# Documentation

http://facelessuser.github.com/ExportHtml

# Credits

- [Andrew Gibson](https://github.com/agibsonsw): Original idea and base code for converting Sublime view to HTML and allowing me to build off it to make ExportHtml.
- Print-Color and Print-Grayscale tmThemes were derived from Monokai Bright.

# License

ExportHtml is released under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2012 - 2018 Isaac Muse <isaacmuse@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/facelessuser/ExportHtml/master.svg
[travis-link]: https://travis-ci.org/facelessuser/ExportHtml
[pc-image]: https://img.shields.io/packagecontrol/dt/ExportHtml.svg
[pc-link]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/ExportHtml
[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg

Commit message:

Updated README.md installation instructions

readme.md, after:

[![Unix Build Status][travis-image]][travis-link]
[![Package Control Downloads][pc-image]][pc-link]
![License][license-image]
# ExportHtml

This is a fork of [Andrew Gibson](https://github.com/agibsonsw)'s [PrintHtml](https://github.com/agibsonsw/PrintHtml) plugin.  This plugin allows the exporting of a document in Sublime Text to a HTML file or to BBCode.  It duplicates Sublime's theme colors and font styles.

![preview](docs/src/markdown/images/preview.png)


## Installation

### By Package Control

1. Download & Install `Sublime Text 3` (https://www.sublimetext.com/3)
1. Go to the menu `Tools -> Install Package Control`, then,
   wait few seconds until the `Package Control` installation finishes
1. Go to the menu `Preferences -> Package Control`
1. Type `Package Control Add Channel` on the opened quick panel and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>
1. Then, input the following address and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>
   ```
   https://raw.githubusercontent.com/evandrocoan/StudioChannel/master/channel.json
   ```
1. Now, go again to the menu `Preferences -> Package Control`
1. This time type `Package Control Install Package` on the opened quick panel and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>
1. Then, search for `ExportHtml` and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>

See also:
1. [ITE - Integrated Toolset Environment](https://github.com/evandrocoan/ITE)
1. [Package control docs](https://packagecontrol.io/docs/usage) for details.


# Features

- Export to HTML using any tmTheme for syntax highlighting.
- Can handle any language supported by ST2.
- Supports bold and italic theme font styles as well.
- Configurable output.
- Format suitable for copying and pasting in emails.
- 2 included tmTheme files for color and grayscale printing (but any can be used).
- Export only selections (multi-select supported).
- Export and show highlights (multi-select supported).
- Toggle gutter on/off in browser view.
- Automatically open browser print dialog (optional).
- Enable/disable configurable word wrapping.
- Configurable toolbar to appear in the generated webpage.

# Documentation

http://facelessuser.github.com/ExportHtml

# Credits

- [Andrew Gibson](https://github.com/agibsonsw): Original idea and base code for converting Sublime view to HTML and allowing me to build off it to make ExportHtml.
- Print-Color and Print-Grayscale tmThemes were derived from Monokai Bright.

# License

ExportHtml is released under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2012 - 2018 Isaac Muse <isaacmuse@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/facelessuser/ExportHtml/master.svg
[travis-link]: https://travis-ci.org/facelessuser/ExportHtml
[pc-image]: https://img.shields.io/packagecontrol/dt/ExportHtml.svg
[pc-link]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/ExportHtml
[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
